 * jQuery [https://jquery.com/]
 * jQuery UI [https://jqueryui.com/]
 * jQuery Mobile [https://jquerymobile.com/]
 * Sizzle [https://sizzlejs.com/]
 * QUnit [https://qunitjs.com/]

 * Plugins [https://plugins.jquery.com/]
 * Contribute [https://contribute.jquery.org/] * CLA [https://js.foundation/CLA]
    * Style Guides
      [https://contribute.jquery.org/style-guide/]
    * Bug Triage
      [https://contribute.jquery.org/triage/]
    * Code
      [https://contribute.jquery.org/code/]
    * Documentation
      [https://contribute.jquery.org/documentation/]
    * Web Sites
      [https://contribute.jquery.org/web-sites/]
   
   
 * Events [https://js.foundation/events]
   
 * Support [https://jquery.org/support/] * Learning Center
      [https://learn.jquery.com/]
    * IRC/Chat [https://irc.jquery.org/]
    * Forums [https://forum.jquery.com/]
    * Stack Overflow
      [https://stackoverflow.com/tags/jquery/info]
    * Commercial Support
      [https://jquery.org/support/]
   
   
 * JS Foundation [https://js.foundation/] * Join
      [https://js.foundation/about/join]
    * Members
      [https://js.foundation/about/members]
    * Leadership
      [https://js.foundation/about/leadership]
    * Conduct
      [https://js.foundation/community/code-of-conduct]
    * Donate
      [https://js.foundation/about/donate]
   
   

JQUERY FOUNDATION [/]
Support the JS Foundation [/jquery-wp-content/themes/jquery/content/donate.png]
[https://js.foundation/about/donate] * Home [https://jquery.org/]
 * Projects [https://jquery.org/projects/]
 * Join [https://jquery.org/join/]
 * Members [https://jquery.org/members/]
 * Support [https://jquery.org/support/]
 * Team [https://jquery.org/team/]
 * Conduct [https://jquery.org/conduct/]
 * Meetings [https://meetings.jquery.org/]
 * History [https://jquery.org/history/]
 * Brand Guide [https://brand.jquery.org/]
 * Donate [https://jquery.org/donate/]

searchSearch jQuery FoundationLICENSE
Note: For the purposes of this document, the term "Project" will refer to any JS
Foundation [https://js.foundation] project using the MIT license AND referencing
this document in the header of the distributed Project code or Project website
source code.

LINK SOURCE CODE
Projects referencing this document are released under the terms of the MIT
license [https://tldrlegal.com/license/mit-license].

The MIT License is simple and easy to understand and it places almost no
restrictions on what you can do with the Project.

You are free to use the Project in any other project (even commercial projects)
as long as the copyright header is left intact.

LINK SAMPLE CODE
All demos and examples, whether in a Project's repository or displayed on a
Project site, are released under the terms of the license as specified in the
relevant repository. Many Projects choose to release their sample code under the
terms of CC0 [https://tldrlegal.com/l/cc0-1.0].

CC0 is even more permissive than the MIT license, allowing you to use the code
in any manner you want, without any copyright headers, notices, or other
attribution.

LINK WEB SITES
The content on a Project web site referencing this document in its header is
released under the terms of the license specified in the website's repository or
if not specified, under the MIT license
[https://tldrlegal.com/license/mit-license].

The design, layout, and look-and-feel of JS Foundation project web sites are not
licensed for use and may not be used on any site, personal or commercial,
without prior written consent from the JS Foundation.

For further information regarding JS Foundation licensing and intellectual
property, please review the JS Foundation IP Policy
[https://js.foundation/pdf/ip-policy.pdf].

BOOKS
 * Learning jQuery 4th Edition by Karl Swedberg and Jonathan Chaffer
   [//jquery.org/jquery-wp-content/themes/jquery/content/books/learning-jquery-4th-ed.jpg]
   Learning jQuery Fourth EditionKarl Swedberg and Jonathan Chaffer
   [https://www.packtpub.com/web-development/learning-jquery-fourth-edition]
 * jQuery in Action by Bear Bibeault, Yehuda Katz, and Aurelio De Rosa
   [//jquery.org/jquery-wp-content/themes/jquery/content/books/jquery-in-action.jpg]
   jQuery in ActionBear Bibeault, Yehuda Katz, and Aurelio De Rosa
   [https://www.manning.com/books/jquery-in-action-third-edition]
 * jQuery Succinctly by Cody Lindley
   [//jquery.org/jquery-wp-content/themes/jquery/content/books/jquery-succinctly.jpg]
   jQuery SuccinctlyCody Lindley [https://www.syncfusion.com/ebooks/jquery]

 * Learning Center [https://learn.jquery.com/]
 * Forum [https://forum.jquery.com/]
 * API [https://api.jquery.com/]
 * Twitter [https://twitter.com/jquery]
 * IRC [https://irc.jquery.org/]
 * GitHub [https://github.com/jquery]

Copyright 2019 The jQuery Foundation [https://jquery.org/team/].jQuery License
[https://jquery.org/license/]Web hosting by Digital Ocean
[https://www.digitalocean.com] | CDN by StackPath [https://www.stackpath.com]